Update README.md (#68)
howardwu/awesome-aleo: README.md

### Wallets

- [Aleo Faucet](https://faucet.aleo.org) - The official Aleo Testnet Faucet

> - [Aleo Faucet Soter](ttps://faucetbeta.sotertech.io/) - Request testnetbeta Aleo Tokens 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Aleo Faucet Soter](ttps://faucetbeta.sotertech.io/) - Request Aleo Tokens from Soter on Testnet Beta
```
